README.md, before:

# MLab Visualizations

This project contains the web client for Measurement Lab visualizations.


## Installation

```bash
npm install
```

## Development Server

We are using webpack's DllPlugin, so **we need to build our DLL vendor package before running our standard webpack watch**. To do so, run this once:

```bash
npm run webpack-dll
```

This puts all the vendor files in their own bundle so we don't need to scan them when rebuilding our files during development. Now to start the dev server, there are two options:

### Web Server + Webpack Watch in one command

```bash
npm run dev
```

### Web Server separate from Webpack Watch

Start the web server:

```bash
npm run start-dev
```

Start webpack watch:

```bash
npm run webpack-watch
```

### Caching with HardSourceWebpackPlugin

We are using [HardSourceWebpackPlugin](https://github.com/mzgoddard/hard-source-webpack-plugin). If your webpack build is operating strangely, be sure to run a

```bash
npm run webpack-clean-cache
```

This plugin dramatically speeds up build times, but does require you to clean the cache occasionally (when problems arise).

### Using webpack-dashboard

If you prefer to have webpack rendered in a dashboard, use two separate terminal windows.
In one, run webpack with:

```bash
npm run webpack-dashboard
```

And in the other, run the web server with:

```bash
npm run start-dev
```

Note that the dashboard adds roughly 500ms to the webpack rebuild time.

## Testing

```bash
npm test
```

## Building for Production

```bash
npm run build
```

## Production Server

```bash
npm run start
```

## Deploying

The site is currently configured to deploy to http://client-dot-mlab-oti.appspot.com/. To do so, run:

```bash
npm run deploy
```

---

*Originally built from https://github.com/erikras/react-redux-universal-hot-example*

Commit message:

Add note in README about common new-dll error

README.md, after:

# MLab Visualizations

This project contains the web client for Measurement Lab visualizations.


## Installation

```bash
npm install
```

## Development Server

We are using webpack's DllPlugin, so **we need to build our DLL vendor package before running our standard webpack watch**. To do so, run this once:

```bash
npm run webpack-dll
```


This puts all the vendor files in their own bundle so we don't need to scan them when rebuilding our files during development.


If you see this error:
```
Error: Cannot find module '.../mlab-vis-client/static/dist/vendor-manifest.json'
```

You need to run `npm run webpack-dll`.


Now to start the dev server, there are two options:

### Web Server + Webpack Watch in one command

```bash
npm run dev
```

### Web Server separate from Webpack Watch

Start the web server:

```bash
npm run start-dev
```

Start webpack watch:

```bash
npm run webpack-watch
```

### Caching with HardSourceWebpackPlugin

We are using [HardSourceWebpackPlugin](https://github.com/mzgoddard/hard-source-webpack-plugin). If your webpack build is operating strangely, be sure to run a

```bash
npm run webpack-clean-cache
```

This plugin dramatically speeds up build times, but does require you to clean the cache occasionally (when problems arise).

### Using webpack-dashboard

If you prefer to have webpack rendered in a dashboard, use two separate terminal windows.
In one, run webpack with:

```bash
npm run webpack-dashboard
```

And in the other, run the web server with:

```bash
npm run start-dev
```

Note that the dashboard adds roughly 500ms to the webpack rebuild time.

## Testing

```bash
npm test
```

## Building for Production

```bash
npm run build
```

## Production Server

```bash
npm run start
```

## Deploying

The site is currently configured to deploy to http://client-dot-mlab-oti.appspot.com/. To do so, run:

```bash
npm run deploy
```

---

*Originally built from https://github.com/erikras/react-redux-universal-hot-example*
